it's about you the volume buttons over
on iOS 5.0 to buddy-buddy
are you going to do all of it I'm
guessing so I'm not going to like oh I
forgot the oh your Mohawk so much look
like Michaels so you get a lot of watch
be a dirty around like microsystem
borrow the brand they carry - you going
on and I said Isaac I said Michael not
Isaac yeah getting a haircut you they
would forget you it's not that are you
really going already in that way it's
not much good right yeah remember Claire
I'm just cutting narrable dude only want
to shave so they all want to take your
head my hunger - yeah they all want to
shake your head no line on I'm gonna eat
Brussels
your hats how long you been waiting
let's leave it like that before I was
walking in Georgia hasn't made up his
mind yet a real big boy is oh boy if it
is guys with this guy's there's no like
something moly
so hey hurry up that you cut off ah
Tommy oh you're welcome sir nobody wants
pretty hair is 12 in it yeah you imagine
how distinguished they would look with
my hair on their table you can come with
me
call me another room crying he's in the
other room I need he's sitting out in
the car
yeah brother character and liquor when I
got a ball the V G's to the head but
that's how they look right now at very
very very low but you can get that go
right now Oh leave it just like that
that would have been in style what 10
years ago to the no go and ride in your
Hall just want to tell you welcome if
you wanted to change your mind it's too
late now
over half
we do the mr. cat - Oh can't you - I
think someone's coming sunburn he wants
your hair care that was a very quick no
not yet anyway
yeah are you going to do a mohawk or
should i betray you keep drinking yes
I lost about ten pounds lighter wear
what I wish I would have waited myself
first kind of first thing you do when
you get in there they're going to find
you going gallon-sized ziplocks gallo
you go just you know this question of it
you don't like what's that like my man
you knew a new US Open had never been
born so I like that that part is reminds
me back that way when I'm wearing Sun
I'll get in line because then you're not
camping then the next day and it's I'd
fall asleep drinking all day gonna have
a baby though you didn't have a way and
then next going to be alright you better
be wearing sunblock the next County I
got him a new hat right no wait spin the
rim up
oh you just an office ruin that we're
actually not looking too bad yeah I
haven't had all right when I was five
are you going to join the job
great I think ideally you're something
like cut it and then gonna make so we're
calling ahead morning oven yeah is
agressor nice job the stable of I'm
going to try say encouraging worse oh
she's doing a nice job girl I carry a
few together than any other she's doing
a nice job that's going to look very
professional what sweetheart bring
change
I'm not kissing you just don't know add
new o-rings to it get your hole closed
that's nice listen anymore there's no
extra
Superman about our washing the collision
how about the mi key Wow yeah pretty
much the showers like me is Jim whack
right a little bit darker than it was
before you got it Oh like a stuffed
animal